Doc Review Updates (#441)
ProjectLibertyLabs/gateway: docs/src/Support/Channels.md

# Support Channels

Need help with Gateway or working through the Frequency ecosystem?

> There are lots of different options to meet your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many different options to meet your needs.
```
